Ah.
You okay?
Who are you? Who let you in here?
She's my wife.
Are you okay?
It's okay, you're a beautiful girl.
You put your feet on two boats.
Who dare to bully me
I'm afraid I want to die.
Your woman.
She is the woman of Li Ming Hao, Li Jia's eldest son.
Li Ming Hao, what is he?
Dare to scream in front of me
Dare to have a hard mouth.
Will you let me go?
Call Li Minh Hao.
Let me see if you can be proud.
OK, you can call right away.
If you can call Li Ming Hao to find you, it's okay.
But if you can't call, I'll break your leg.
It's okay.
Lisha, it's me, Zhang Yang.
Just now, a man came to the company.
Said to be Kieu Thu Vu's husband.
What?
You said you broke off your marriage to him.
He has nothing to do with you.